feat(cli): JSON reporter (#2364)
biomejs/biome: CHANGELOG.md

  Contributed by @Conaclos

- Added two new options to customise the emitted output of the CLI: `--json` and `--json-pretty`. With `--json`, the diagnostics and the

>   summary will be printed in the **terminal** in JSON format. Using `--json-pretty` _together_ with `--json` will output the same output, but formatted.

Reviewer: Why do they need to be combined? The fact it requires so much emphasis seems to recognize it's a potential gotcha. Can't we make it more friendly by allowing `--json-pretty` to be used on its own?

Author: I thought about it, but this combination would require a check if both are passed and raise an error if they are.

I'm open to better names or options :)

Reviewer: If both are specified, we can just let `--json-pretty` win, no?

  Contributed by @Conaclos

- Added two new options to customise the emitted output of the CLI: `--json` and `--json-pretty`. With `--json`, the diagnostics and the

>   summary will be printed in the **terminal** in JSON format. Using `--json-pretty` _together_ with `--json` will output the same output, but formatted.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  summary will be printed in the **terminal** in JSON format. `--json-pretty` does the same, but also runs the formatter over the generated JSON. If both are supplied, `--json-pretty` takes precedence.
```
